---
layout: post
title: Contextual Inquiry
subtitle: User 1
gh-repo: daattali/beautiful-jekyll
gh-badge: [star, fork, follow]
tags: [Contextual Inquiry]
comments: true
---
I observed a student, initials TL, who is currently taking the level 400 statistics. In the class, he plans to send out polls for the student body in order to receive information and data for future projects. He is a junior at Horace Mann, and like most students, is very busy. TL has been at Horace Mann since middle school. He uses first class quite often, however, his notifications don't work on his phone. This makes it difficult for him as he must constantly check his phone and log in to see if he missed any important information for his teachers or any relevant emails. 
I wanted to interview him since he experiences both sides of our problem. Since our app relates to our first class system, I first observed him opening his email and how he typically receives assignments. This was the observations of watching him as a student and receiving emails and navigating through first class. I noticed he had lots of unread emails, for example, lots of notifications from google classroom as well as emails from clubs stating their room number and zoom link (although TL says he is not part of any of those clubs, he still gets their emails). Additionally, I asked him how we would plan for sending future polls as he is in the statistics class and will likely have to send out poll results soon.I learned a lot especially since he had insight on both issues. The first issue he discussed was being flooded with emails, mostly from the Record, about polls to take. As TL is also a stat student, I learned that it can be frustrating if students do not respond to the poll since there is not enough data to work with. This often happens, especially when the poll questions may be personal or just long so students don't want to fill them out. I uncovered a lot of insight, particularly from the point of someone who sends out polls, since although he has yet to send out a poll, he has planned for it. I did not encounter any difficulties establishing rapport or receving information. I asked to record but he felt uncomfortable so I did not.

For the next inquiries, we plan to keep the general process the same. I was able to learn a lot of information and I think the contextual inquiry was relatively successful. 
For the next inquiries, however, we may need to add a few more guided questions since the "activity" we observe users doing is relatively short and it may be more helpful to plan some topics to discuss while the user shows their email and/or their process for sending out polls. During the inquiry, it did not last very long at first so I had to guide some conversations to get more information. Therefore, it will be helpful to plan this ahead next time. Additionally, planning for the meeting to be on Monday or Thursday may be helpful since then we can see how many emails the user gets regarding club information. 
