---
layout: post
title: Fly on the Wall Lab
cover-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/thumb.png
tags: [homework]
---
   While we were in HM online for 2 weeks, I observed many different interactions. During my classes, I noticed that many students would be looking down, probably at their phone, since online school leaves lots of room for distractions, as each student is in their rooms alone and has access to their phone. Furthermore, I noticed many different things that point to how participation is a lot harder during online school. Sometimes it would just be silent while everyone was on mute and sometimes students would interrupt one another. Furthermore, while on zoom, I noticed that teachers often had to change their lesson plans due to the restrictions of zoom. For example, some teachers didn't like to put students in break out rooms since they couldn’t monitor everyone at one time, but found it also difficult to have a large engaging conversation. Additionally, some teachers didn’t use the share screen option since their handwriting would be worse while writing on a trackpad. Back on campus, I noticed that there were some challenges that occurred often with the glass panels falling down or being knocked over often especially during my bio lab classes since people would be moving around and accidentally knock over the panel. Additionally, while walking around, I noticed how lines weren’t socially distanced especially during lunch, where students would want to talk to their friends while waiting in line so they were not 6 feet apart. Similarly, large groups of people would form right before class started, since the students would wait for their classroom to open and didn’t have another space to go to.
    After recording my observations, I noticed some groups and associations that formed between these interactions. The first related to the students’ participation during online school. These challenges included how people would look down at their phone during class and therefore not be engaged how they normally would in class. Even when people were actively engaging in a conversation, it felt less like a cohesive conversation and more like individual ideas said being said. Another observation in this group was about how in some classes, the teachers would encourage students to just call out and participate rather than use the raise hand feature; however, this resulted in a lot of chaos and students interrupting each other a lot. Lastly, a positive feature about participation during online school was that it was easier to hear because everyone else is on mute, but the mute feature also lends itself to awkwardness since people would be on mute, and if no one volunteered to participate, it would just be silent. I think the reason why this group of interactions is so common during online school is because it feels a lot less like a community when you can only see other people on a screen rather than in person. Therefore, students especially don’t feel as inclined to participate and share their ideas, or build off of another student’s comment. The second group of observations related to how teachers would use zoom. I noticed that teachers often didn't like to put students in break out rooms since they couldn’t monitor everyone at once. Normally in a room, if we turn and talk to a peer next to us, the teacher can hear and see everything we do. Additionally, during those 2 weeks of online school teachers also were questioning how to hand out tests for us since some teachers preferred we hand write our tests but many students didn’t have printers. Lastly, some teachers struggled to use the share screen option since their handwriting would be not as clear since it was written on a computer mouse. All these relate to how teachers taught on zoom during online school, which obviously is very different from teacher in-person. Back on campus, I noticed another group of issues relating to the safety guidelines put in place to prevent the potential spread of the virus. As mentioned before, there were many people clumped in groups while waiting in line or before class. I think this issue really stems from the fact that many of the dots or arrows set up weren’t being followed by the students. However, one question I had was how can we create a system in order to effectively enforce safety guidelines? There are already signs posted, arrows drawn, and teachers walking around to tell students to socially distance, yet it still isn’t happening. Another last group of observations that relates to being on campus is about the inconveniences of these safety restrictions. One challenge that occurred often was the glass panels being knocked off of the desks often. When they fall down, it defeats the purpose of being a barrier since it clearly isn’t blocking the mixture of air when it’s on the ground. Additionally, when talking to a peer next to them, students would lean back and talk to their peers which defeats the purpose of a barrier. Additionally, with the glass panels, I noticed it was hard to see or participate while in the back of the classroom. Although, recently, the school changed out the type of glass dividers so that it is a bit easier to see and hear now. 
   The process of finding these issues included many different ways. First, during online school, I would write down anytime I felt there was an interesting interaction or particular frustration. Additionally, I would write down a lot of my teachers’ complaints with online school since many would talk to us about problems they had with zoom. When we had a discussion during Mobile Apps class online, it was really helpful to have a dedicated set of time to take notes about zoom. This is where I got the majority of the participation issues with zoom, and how zoom hinders the conversation aspect of school. These parts I did on my own, but when we returned to school, I walked around campus with Arushi. We went to different areas of the school but mostly outside or in gathering areas so as to not violate social distancing rules or disturb classes. For me, it felt less helpful to just look for problems around campus, but more helpful to walk around and imagine what could happen. It was a bit challenging since there were not many people outside so we couldn’t observe anything but imagining myself in different situations gave me lots of ideas. Also, walking around helped me remember different interactions I had with the environment or other people earlier on, or what I remember seeing earlier in the day. One thing I think I could do better next time is to just write down everything I thought of since in this case, quantity of observations is just as important as quality. I think I typically try to just write down the observations that I think are more important or useful, but next time I should be less concerned about writing the best points, and focus more on writing everything.


