---
layout: post
title: Design Check In
subtitle: Juliette, Ethan, and Nick
tags: [Design]
comments: true
---
### Task 1: Finding club room on Monday or Thursday
  Although this task isn’t very strenuous or difficult to do, it is complicated and stressful. It’s a Monday afternoon and students have just finished their H period class. Students receive lots of email during this time, so they must navigate the busy and hectic hallways while scrolling through their phones to find the right email. To complete this task currently, they must be emailed by club leaders ahead of time about room and timing. Although this sounds easy, it often isn’t conveyed efficiently. Some emails say “Meeting room in 329,” but fail to specify for what club. Some emails don’t put the room in the title, so that it takes students longer to load the email to search for the room. Some club leaders have to change the room they are in because of an overlapping scheduling issue with another club. This leads to students having to scramble frantically on the different floors to ensure they arrive on time. 
  
### Task 2: Sending out ap stat surveys
  AP stat students have to come up with a stat project which is largely based on data that they receive from students. Some assignments are sent out to “randomly selected students” while some are sent out to everyone. Although these surveys are easy to ignore as students, these are crucial for stat students to receive enough data to form a project. Additionally, it’s not enough if just a few students reply; as stat students learn, the bigger the sample size, the more accurate the survey is, and the better it represents the population. Therefore, it’s necessary to have an adequate sample size and a good number of responses from students. Using google forms works, but can be dubious, especially if a few students send their survey out at similar times since HM students may be less likely to respond to both.

### Task 3: Sending out club surveys. (ex: record, review, other clubs that need data)
  Another task that users already perform is sending out polls for various clubs. Publications such as the record, or other clubs that need data in order to write an issue need an efficient way of sending out polls, and getting the HM community to fill them out. However, the main problem with sending out surveys via the first class emailing system is that students often don’t fill the polls out. Especially because Horace Mann is a school known for its academic rigor, students often don’t even have the few seconds that it takes to fill out the forms, especially because there is no incentive. Often, writers and editors for the record would include this data in their articles, without mentioning the inconvenience of the polling system. This can sometimes be misleading as there is a potential chance that data does not truly reflect the ideas of all of the HM community. 
  
### Task 4: People are just generally curious about opinions in the HM community
  An example of a new task is students who are curious about the HM community and want to ask any questions that they are curious about. This task would utlize a place where students/teachers can ask questions about anything they are curious about is essential. A few examples of these questions would be, “Who else saw the eagle flying around on campus today?”, or “Would you be interested in a publication that talks about (fill in the blank)?” Students in the HM community do not already have a platform to perform this task because the first class emailing system does not serve this purpose. Additionally, even if students were comfortable with and allowed to send these random questions out to the school, very few students would fill them out and they would only contribute to the constant emailing spam students and teachers receive daily. 
  
### Task 5: Connecting with the entirety of the HM community 
   As of now at HM, we aren’t extremely connected with each other through the grades between Upper Division, Middle division, and Lower Division, and even within the Upper Division, as there is a pretty stark divide between the upperclassmen and lowerclassmen. This dynamic can often be pretty toxic and it can be hard to talk with people who are not in your grade, although one may want to.  From my time at HM, I don’t really interact with kids from other grades often unless it is something like Robotics or other clubs. Therefore, a future task could be viewing other interests at HM and finding people with similar interests to connect and form new friendships, which would improve communication among different grade levels. For example, if there was a way to view if people like to knit or something, these people could all connect in a less formal way than forming a club.  Checking poll responses to questions to see who has similar opinions to you would be an important way for HM members to connect. 
   
### Task 6: As a club leader/advisor, sending out club information in a less stressful way
  As a club leader or club advisor at HM, it is extremely stressful to run clubs because of how the system is run at the moment. As of now, it is impossible to know how many students are coming to your club meeting, and if you will need more space or not. Especially during the pandemic, it is extremely pertinent to have enough space to social distance so having this way to allow kids to sign up for certain clubs allows club advisors and leaders to have an idea of who is going to show up, so they can have enough space to stay safe. Also, booking rooms seems like it is a pain. Additionally, the club leaders have to remember to constantly send emails reminding club members what room they are in before meetings. A future ideal task would be an easy way to send out room information and see how many people would attend without spamming first class emails.
