---
layout: post
title: Contextual Inquiry Update
comments: true
---
We have completed 1 of 3 contextual inquiries so far. The 1st contextual inquiry was performed on a student in a statistics class. Juliette, one of our group memebers, had asked him to walk her through the process of how TL(intiials of the students we performed the contextual inquiry on) checks his emails. For one of the other 2 contextual inquiries, we plan on interviewing the head of the record, Julia Goldberg. We have not reached out directly to her yet because we realized that she is a senior and college applications were due very recently. However, we plan on doing so soon. If we successfuly get in contact with her, or some other student in the record, we will first ask her to share her screen over zoom(since we're all remote), and walk us through how she checks her email. Although this isn't the main topic we wanted to focus on, we plan on asking this question to all 3 of our participants to see if we get any similarities. Some questions we may ask her include, "Are you often overloaded with emails as the head of such a big club?", "Is it efficient to send out polls through first class?" Then, we will ask her to walk us through the process of creating a poll. Some questions we may ask at this point include, "How long does it normally take to create these?", "Have past polls been unsuccessful in any way?", or "How many people typically respond?" All of these questions serve to not only observe the imperfections of the first-class mailing system, but to also observe the imperfections of the polling system. 

Our 2nd contextual inquiry consists of interviewing Mr. Lee(a computer science teacher and club advisor at HM) about our app idea and really how we could maybe add or reduce the amount of things we want to do with the app as we don’t have a huge amount of time. Also, I am going to ask him how the app would help him not only as a teacher, but as a club advisor as I know he is a club advisor for the Programming Club and is now the head of robotics. I am going to ask him about his experience and process with sending out emails to his students and sending messages to people of the clubs he advises. Furthermore, I am going to ask if he could end up using the polls for his classes in ways he hasn’t done before. Lastly, I will ask how his students react to his emails, do they respond or just read it, and I wonder how using an app to schedule these meetings or maybe sending out polls instead of emails could be faster and more effective. With all of this questioning, I will then be done with the CI and that will be it.
